hello to all the boys and girls since
me here with a new news video
provenge and ccoo let's start with some
news tests of these last days
valley is a factory recently
where where did Nintendo Wii
manufactured where it began to be distributed
nintendo wii has suffered a small
accident is that it has burned down by
luck none of the workers has
suffered no serious accident has not
dead nobody in any of that but according to
the rumors have lost a million
nintendo very little guys so it can be
that to stores in america europe in
asia as they get less wiiu this was a
rumor but recently it has been denied
They have been lost such number
Nintendo consoles has said that they have not
lost a million consoles have been
saved the fire I think it has been
true but
that number of consoles has not been lost
I say it because many of you
surely you have seen this news
you have already said low that shit not that
get wiiu do not worry guys
Nintendo fulfills what it says and on the day
of output we will have each one especially
if you have it reserved for life and departure
we will have our nintendo wii without
no problem has already left the box
official art box of the nintendo wii pack
with zombie here you have it guys is
pretty handsome, I liked it
much the box already I thought that they were not going to
give the box of the nintendo wii or
deluxe with the game stuck with a floor
with adhesive there in the box or did not give in
the game apart and the script for
controls apart but not there we have the
box there you can not can not see
but surely the box is bigger
a normal home because it brings down to
controls bring zombies worth when
have the box and a boxing goal I'm going to
put it on top of a scale before
open it to see how much the box weighs
because it has to happen a bit and with
so many things that it brings
down in the image you can see the
accessories that it brings to control and
others but it is not specified that it comes
with nintendo network premium in this
image that is from germany as you can
see what is in German
do not worry guys because it's
console has been confirmed since it brings
nintendo nar world premium would not have
sense that a console console more
face of existing packs do not bring
internet network premium and the one that comes
before 350 euros if you bring nintendo in
the bot turned on without you do not worry
that nintendo in premium waters comes with
the pack of zombies here I leave the
image is really cool I have
very much want to go to the store and I
I'm doing my imagination you're
flying from when I go to the store
and look at that box in particular I have
a lot of you want guys have already left
that we are talking about zombies
after not two trailers among them one
of zombie nothing do not teach us much more
of what has already been seen but it
thanks that they are unique
new trailer new small advances
worth anything typical pointing to the wii
with the gamepad and the peephole in the
gamepad and they have not shown much
more than you already knew you already know that
up here you can click to be able
enter the trailer another have very
funny guys he is the new test of
tekken tag tournament 2 for nintendo
very young as many of you already know what
I have never commented but this game
will bring a special mode it is worth the
tekken ball is the game mode that makes
so much that we see where giving a
hit blows to a ball we can
harm our adversary and others
very cool but the coolest thing about this
game is that we have special suits
it's worth for nintendo wii u that are costumes
like mario and luigi pizzi touch
cell
very many captain firefox 0 suite samus
it's like a pore smash but real is
very much guys watch TV because it is
super fun I already know of several
people who say they are going to sell their
tekken tag tournament of playstation 3 or
xbox and they are going to have it in wii
because it 's very good and one last trailers
that has left guys is the trailer for
monster hunter 3 ultimate one pass
behind the guys they already teach us how
the data is passed between a 3ds and a
wii or saved games and so on
teaches us a little bit more videos of
online mode as you see the players
cooperating with each other and very cool
very much and pp for this game I am
hypeado to the maximum I have a lot of desire
I remind you that this game does not
will take advantage, so to speak
the graphics to nintendo wii top
because it 's like it's the version of
3ds nintendo wii with hd with textures a
little bit improved if you notice
in when
and the shadows are exactly the same
it's worth the shadows you're walking with the
character and the shadow is the same as the
character is super cool to look at
those little details because after
worth especially when you go
trailers guys one thing that I advise is
that you put them in 1080p or in the largest
layout that you can see the trailer
to make you a little idea about everything
in full screen to make a
small idea of ​​how to play and aysén
a television more or less the new
nintendo wii campaign
advertising will soon be in our
televisions guys of the week that
the next one comes in america and in
england will start issuing new
ads about nintendo wii so
be in 2020 where you give it because it is
possible that also in that period of
time we start to see
nintendo wii ads in our
ambient television we are eating
who knows if our little parts
of games that have not yet been taught
no in playboy no trailer or in
something similar was attentive because if
something like that comes out, it's worth something cool
I would tell you around here, imagine that
In a trailer, a function of
look is not yet seen who
he knows so the girls a greeting
sit here and thank you very much for
spend this this Sunday with me
I hope you have a weekend already
you know lay and pepsi hates guys